README.md, before:

# Org

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx, a Smart, fast and extensible build system.](https://nx.dev)** ✨


## Start the app

To start the development server run `nx serve react_native_standards`. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:4200/. Happy coding!


## Generate code

If you happen to use Nx plugins, you can leverage code generators that might come with it.

Run `nx list` to get a list of available plugins and whether they have generators. Then run `nx list <plugin-name>` to see what generators are available.

Learn more about [Nx generators on the docs](https://nx.dev/plugin-features/use-code-generators).

## Running tasks

To execute tasks with Nx use the following syntax:

```
nx <target> <project> <...options>
```

You can also run multiple targets:

```
nx run-many -t <target1> <target2>
```

..or add `-p` to filter specific projects

```
nx run-many -t <target1> <target2> -p <proj1> <proj2>
```

Targets can be defined in the `package.json` or `projects.json`. Learn more [in the docs](https://nx.dev/core-features/run-tasks).

## Want better Editor Integration?

Have a look at the [Nx Console extensions](https://nx.dev/nx-console). It provides autocomplete support, a UI for exploring and running tasks & generators, and more! Available for VSCode, IntelliJ and comes with a LSP for Vim users.

## Ready to deploy?

Just run `nx build demoapp` to build the application. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory, ready to be deployed.

## Set up CI!

Nx comes with local caching already built-in (check your `nx.json`). On CI you might want to go a step further.

- [Set up remote caching](https://nx.dev/core-features/share-your-cache)
- [Set up task distribution across multiple machines](https://nx.dev/nx-cloud/features/distribute-task-execution)
- [Learn more how to setup CI](https://nx.dev/recipes/ci)

## Connect with us!

- [Join the community](https://nx.dev/community)
- [Subscribe to the Nx Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@nxdevtools)
- [Follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/nxdevtools)

Commit message:

multi environments and Fastlane setup.

README.md, after:

# Org

<a alt="Nx logo" href="https://nx.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/images/nx-logo.png" width="45"></a>

✨ **This workspace has been generated by [Nx, a Smart, fast and extensible build system.](https://nx.dev)** ✨

## Start the app

check first the script in project package.json to run the certain environment of android.
IOS environments needs to be manually setup: [check the link down below](#multiple-environments).

First you should run `./configure-app.sh` to enter the name and bundle Id for the new app.

then to start the development server run `nx serve react_native_standards`. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:4200/. Happy coding!

## Generate code

If you happen to use Nx plugins, you can leverage code generators that might come with it.

Run `nx list` to get a list of available plugins and whether they have generators. Then run `nx list <plugin-name>` to see what generators are available.

Learn more about [Nx generators on the docs](https://nx.dev/plugin-features/use-code-generators).

## Running tasks

To execute tasks with Nx use the following syntax:

```
nx <target> <project> <...options>
```

You can also run multiple targets:

```
nx run-many -t <target1> <target2>
```

..or add `-p` to filter specific projects

```
nx run-many -t <target1> <target2> -p <proj1> <proj2>
```

Targets can be defined in the `package.json` or `projects.json`. Learn more [in the docs](https://nx.dev/core-features/run-tasks).

## Multiple Environments:

To initialize multiple environments visit: [Multiple environemnt setup](https://white-stork.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/WSD/pages/1000046593/React+Native+Multiple+Environments+Setup)

## Push Notification:

To start with push notification visit : [Push notifications setup](https://white-stork.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/WSD/pages/998899729/React+Native+Push+Notification+Firebase)

## Want better Editor Integration?

Have a look at the [Nx Console extensions](https://nx.dev/nx-console). It provides autocomplete support, a UI for exploring and running tasks & generators, and more! Available for VSCode, IntelliJ and comes with a LSP for Vim users.

## Ready to deploy?

Just run `nx build demoapp` to build the application. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory, ready to be deployed.

## Set up CI!

Nx comes with local caching already built-in (check your `nx.json`). On CI you might want to go a step further.

- [Set up remote caching](https://nx.dev/core-features/share-your-cache)
- [Set up task distribution across multiple machines](https://nx.dev/nx-cloud/features/distribute-task-execution)
- [Learn more how to setup CI](https://nx.dev/recipes/ci)

## Connect with us!

- [Join the community](https://nx.dev/community)
- [Subscribe to the Nx Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@nxdevtools)
- [Follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/nxdevtools)
